[birds chirping]
c0000001
- And that's the news we have
to report for you today.
c0000002
Have a great day.
c0000003
We'll see you soon.
c0000004
- Next up is "News 07."
c0000005
- He shoots and he scores!
c0000006
And the Japanese team
has won their match!
c0000007
- [meows]
- Good morning, everyone.
c0000008
Today is Friday, June 27th.
c0000009
Let's begin our segment
with soccer...
c0000010
- Well, I'm heading out.
c0000011
- Okay, take care, big brother.
c0000012
- So, the Japanese
national team won.
c0000013
- [singing in Japanese]
c0000014
[The Peggies' "Kimi no sei"]
c0000015
♪ ♪
c0000016
c0000017
♪ ♪
c0000018
[indistinct chatter]
c0000019
- Hey, nice bed head.
c0000020
Your hair looks wild.
c0000021
- Well, that's what
this hairstyle is all about.
c0000022
- That's creative.
c0000023
Oh, good morning, Futaba.
c0000024
- Morning.
c0000025
- The Japanese team
ended up winning.
c0000026
You see their free kick
in the first half?
c0000027
- I caught it on the news
this morning.
c0000028
- No, you've gotta watch sports
live so you can get worked up!
c0000029
- I see.
c0000030
- You really made lunch boxes.
c0000031
- I mean, yeah.
c0000032
"Mai, are you even able
to cook?"
c0000033
I didn't like your tone
of voice so I felt the need
c0000034
to prove you wrong.
c0000035
- Yeah, that was pretty rude
of me.
c0000036
Never should have doubted you.
I'm sorry.
c0000037
- Apology accepted.
c0000038
- Thanks for the meal.
c0000039
- Hey, uh, listen.
- What is it?
c0000040
- I love you.
Go out with me.
c0000041
- [chomps]
c0000042
[chewing]
c0000043
- Wait. What?
c0000044
- When you hear the same thing
for a whole month,
c0000045
it stops making
your heart race.
c0000046
It's less charming.
c0000047
- Yeah, but you're
the one who wanted it.
c0000048
- By the way, I recently got
a part in
c0000049
a drama that starts in July.
c0000050
It's a minor character
that only appears
c0000051
in one episode mid-season,
c0000052
but there's a kissing scene,
too.
c0000053
- Wait, there's what?
c0000054
- I said, "kissing scene."
c0000055
- Please decline the offer.
c0000056
- Oh, come on.
c0000057
Not like it would be
my first time.
c0000058
- [gasps]
Hold on a sec.
c0000059
By "not my first time,"
do you mean--
c0000060
- So I gave you my first kiss
c0000061
and you don't even remember it,
Sakuta?
c0000062
You are the worst.
c0000063
- Huh?
c0000064
Could it have been during
that time
c0000065
when I'd forgotten about her
or something?
c0000066
- Real life isn't like
those fairy tales at all.
c0000067
The reason I did it
was because I thought that it
c0000068
would possibly help
you remember me faster.
c0000069
- Help jog my memory
by giving details on when
c0000070
and where it happened.
c0000071
- No way.
- A hint, at least?
c0000072
- I'm never gonna tell you.
- Come on. I'm begging.
c0000073
- What if...
c0000074
We kiss again instead?
c0000075
- [grunts]
c0000076
Please.
c0000077
- Close your eyes.
c0000078
Here I
go.
c0000079
- Huh?
c0000080
- You seriously thought
I'd do it, didn't you?
c0000081
- [chewing]
c0000082
Not quite what I was expecting
but at least I got
c0000083
an indirect kiss with you.
c0000084
- [grunts]
- Well, since you're such
c0000085
a mature lady,
c0000086
clearly an indirect kiss with
a younger guy like me
c0000087
isn't all that big a deal.
c0000088
- Of course it isn't.
c0000089
- [chewing]
c0000090
Though I guess I should mention
it's not me.
c0000091
- Huh?
c0000092
- The girl in the lead role
c0000093
has the kissing scene.
c0000094
- Geez, why do you have
to be like that?
c0000095
- How can you say that?
c0000096
Don't you love me just
the way I am, Sakuta?
c0000097
- Well, honestly, at this rate,
c0000098
I think I might fall out
of love.
c0000099
- W--wait, but why?
c0000100
- I mean, you don't actually
seem that interested in me.
c0000101
And hearing your heart
doesn't race anymore
c0000102
makes me feel hopeless.
c0000103
- It's not like I said no.
c0000104
- So then will you?
c0000105
- Well, that's--
I mean...
c0000106
- Will you?
c0000107
- [grunts]
c0000108
[grunts]
c0000109
I will.
c0000110
[birds chirping]
c0000111
- And that's the news we have
to report for you today.
c0000112
- Is everything okay,
big brother?
c0000113
- Things are great.
c0000114
I waited a whole month,
but it was totally worth it.
c0000115
Starting from today,
Mai and I are finally--
c0000116
- The Japanese team
has won their match.
c0000117
- [meows]
- Good morning, everyone.
c0000118
Today is Friday, June 27th.
c0000119
Let's begin our segment
with soccer, shall we?
c0000120
- Is everything okay,
big brother?
c0000121
- Listen, Kaede.
c0000122
This'll sound strange but didn't
we see this yesterday?
c0000123
- Hmm? Did we?
c0000124
I don't remember it.
- It was exciting, wasn't it?
c0000125
[indistinct chatter]
c0000126
- Hey, nice bed head.
c0000127
Your hair looks wild.
c0000128
Well, that's what this hairstyle
is all about.
c0000129
- That's creative.
c0000130
Oh, good morning, Futaba.
c0000131
- Morning.
c0000132
- Hmm.
c0000133
- You okay, Sakuta?
c0000134
- Didn't we have this
conversation yesterday?
c0000135
- I mean, not that I
can remember.
c0000136
- You?
- Uh...
c0000137
No, we didn't.
c0000138
- You're right.
Of course we didn't.
c0000139
- [exhales sharply]
Then am I the only one
c0000140
going through this?
c0000141
- And the formula you see
right here is how you solve it.
c0000142
This will be on the final.
- This class.
c0000143
- Now let's talk about the...
c0000144
- That lipstick stain on
his shirt collar.
c0000145
- He's such a newlywed.
c0000146
- If we call
the acceleration wiz--
c0000147
actually, no, if we call it...
c0000148
- This awful joke is the same
as yesterday, too.
c0000149
If today is yesterday again
that would mean Mai
c0000150
and I still aren't dating yet.
c0000151
So then...
c0000152
I love you.
Please go out with me.
c0000153
- When you hear the same thing
for a whole month,
c0000154
it stops making your heart race.
c0000155
It's less charming.
c0000156
- I see.
Got turned down.
c0000157
I guess I'll just have
to look for a new romance, then.
c0000158
- Wait, what?
c0000159
- Thank you for everything
up till now.
c0000160
- I didn't exactly say no.
c0000161
Why are you giving up so easily?
c0000162
- So, will you?
c0000163
- [groans]
c0000164
- This is so forward of you,
Sakuta.
c0000165
- Will you?
c0000166
- [grunts]
Yeah, I will.
c0000167
- Ah, there shouldn't be
any more problems.
c0000168
- Hey, I was wondering.
Will you go out with me?
c0000169
- Huh?
- That a no?
c0000170
- Uh, oh, no, it's--
I, uh...
c0000171
I need some time
to think about it.
c0000172
- A love confession here, too.
c0000173
I'm finally dating Mai now..
c0000174
All I need is for tomorrow
to happen
c0000175
and everything is perfect.
c0000176
- And the Japanese team
has won their match.
c0000177
Good morning, everyone.
c0000178
Today is Friday, June 27th.
c0000179
Let's begin our segment
with soccer, shall we?
c0000180
- This again?
- Hmm?
c0000181
What do you mean by
"this again," big brother?
c0000182
- Don't worry.
It's nothing.
c0000183
Gotta discuss this with Futaba.
c0000184
- Azusagawa.
c0000185
That's what you call
8th grade syndrome.
c0000186
- I'm in 11th grade.
c0000187
- Then it's 11th grade syndrome.
c0000188
Or I guess if you really wanted,
c0000189
you could call
it puberty syndrome,
c0000190
since that's your favorite.
c0000191
- Could you not call
it my favorite?
c0000192
Anyway, can you help me?
c0000193
I keep cycling
through yesterday.
c0000194
- I'm not positive
that's something I
c0000195
can actually help you with.
c0000196
The seven billion other people
who are on this planet
c0000197
including me don't think this
is the third iteration of today.
c0000198
- Can't you do something?
c0000199
I'd really appreciate it.
c0000200
- Well, you say that time
is looping,
c0000201
though it's not for others.
c0000202
Perhaps you shouldn't trap
yourself into thinking that way.
c0000203
- Why not?
c0000204
- It can be all sorts of trouble
c0000205
for one to return to the past.
c0000206
Perhaps the June 27th you claim
to have experienced
c0000207
several times was simply you
watching the future
c0000208
from an earlier point in time.
c0000209
- If going to the past
is a problem,
c0000210
isn't going to the future worse?
c0000211
- It's more about predicting
the future than
c0000212
it is time travel.
c0000213
- Well, predicting
the future isn't easy, either.
c0000214
- I take it you've never heard
of Laplace's demon?
c0000215
- I don't have any
demon acquaintances. Sorry.
c0000216
- Each and every piece of matter
that exists in this world
c0000217
is essentially equal under
the same laws of physics.
c0000218
If you quantify those laws
by math equations
c0000219
and calculate them...
c0000220
You can elicit
a future situation.
c0000221
- This is way over my head.
c0000222
- In other words,
c0000223
if you can figure out
the position and momentum
c0000224
of every atom that exists
in this world...
c0000225
You can elicit
a future situation
c0000226
by simple calculation.
c0000227
- Wait, every atom?
But aren't there lots of those?
c0000228
- Mm.
c0000229
To calculate an immense amount
c0000230
of data mathematically,
c0000231
you need to have an adequate
amount of time.
c0000232
It's pointless if it takes more
than one second to calculate
c0000233
.a second into the future.
c0000234
- Makes sense.
c0000235
- That's exactly why
c0000236
the physicist Laplace thought
c0000237
of a fictitious entity that
was able
c0000238
to perform such
an extraordinary feat.
c0000239
- And that's Laplace's demon,
huh?
c0000240
- That demon's power allows it
to instantaneously ascertain
c0000241
position and momentum
of every atom
c0000242
that exists in this world,
c0000243
as well as quickly gauge
the future.
c0000244
- So what I'm living through
right now is a future that
c0000245
was calculated this way?
c0000246
- Right.
c0000247
- Sorry, but I'm not
the demon causing problems here.
c0000248
- I guess you should look for
the real Laplace's demon, then.
c0000249
- How do I do that?
c0000250
- If you think about it,
c0000251
since it retains the memories
c0000252
of June 27th as it repeats,
c0000253
wouldn't the demon be
the only one
c0000254
to act differently
from the previous time?
c0000255
- Now let's talk about the...
- Someone acting differently
c0000256
compared to the previous time.
c0000257
- If we call the acceleration...
c0000258
- There's seven billion people
in this world.
c0000259
How am I supposed to find
the one person who's different?
c0000260
Having lunch with Mai
is the only thing
c0000261
that comforts me anymore.
c0000262
- Oh!
c0000263
- Mm?
c0000264
- [groaning]
c0000265
- And just like that,
I found Laplace's demon.
c0000266
- Your name was Azusagawa.
Is that right?
c0000267
- Sakuta Azusagawa.
Second-year.
c0000268
- Tomoe Koga.
First-year. Yeah.
c0000269
- Feel free to relax.
c0000270
I mean, we did kick
each other's butts.
c0000271
- Can you forget that?
c0000272
- Koga, I have a question
for you.
c0000273
- Yeah?
c0000274
- The day's been repeating,
right?
c0000275
- [gasps]
c0000276
[whimpers]
c0000277
- This is my third cycle.
- [gasps]
c0000278
- It's my third, too.
c0000279
So it wasn't just happening
to me, then.
c0000280
What is up with this?
c0000281
What kinda stuff's gonna
be popping up now?
c0000282
- I doubt this is the case,
c0000283
but do you know what's going on,
Koga?
c0000284
- No flippin' idea.
c0000285
- What did you say?
c0000286
- [whimpers]
c0000287
Uh, I meant,
how should I know?
c0000288
- So useless.
c0000289
- What the--you're useless!
c0000290
- Have you been through anything
disturbing or agonizing
c0000291
as of late?
c0000292
- And what makes you think
c0000293
I'd talk about that stuff
c0000294
with someone like you?
c0000295
[phone vibrates]
Ooh, a text!
c0000296
- I have a feeling that this
is probably puberty syndrome.
c0000297
If it's a situation caused
c0000298
by your unstable psyche
adolescent characteristics,
c0000299
we've gotta figure out
the reason, then resolve it.
c0000300
- Puberty syndrome's just
a rumor
c0000301
the internet made up,
isn't it?
c0000302
Do you actually believe
that stuff?
c0000303
- Seriously, can you not do
that while we're talking?
c0000304
- I
won't use it while
we're talking anymore!
c0000305
- Take it.
- [grunts]
c0000306
- So you meant that you
won't talk at all?
c0000307
- Be quiet.
I'm trying to concentrate.
c0000308
- High school girls
are something.
c0000309
- [grunts]
c0000310
'Kay. I'm ready.
c0000311
- Did something disturbing
or agonizing happen?
c0000312
The hint for us to get out
of June 27th
c0000313
is possibly hidden there.
c0000314
- [groans]
c0000315
I gained a few pounds.
c0000316
- Hey, don't worry.
c0000317
You're still more on
the skinny end.
c0000318
You could even gain
a couple more pounds
c0000319
to add a bit to that flat chest
of yours.
c0000320
- My problem is that everything
always goes straight
c0000321
to my butt and tummy.
c0000322
[grunts]
[gasps]
c0000323
H--Hide!
- [gasps]
c0000324
- [grunts]
c0000325
- Hmm.
c0000326
- That guy's looking for you,
isn't he?
c0000327
- Yeah, I think he might be.
c0000328
But I already sent him
a text saying that I
c0000329
was busy during lunch.
c0000330
- [grunts]
c0000331
- [inhales and exhales sharply]
c0000332
- Can you just hurry up
and get asked out already?
c0000333
- How the heck do you know
about him asking me out?
c0000334
- Because I saw it all happen.
c0000335
Can you please tell me what
the point of you hiding is?
c0000336
- I've been trying
to avoid Maezawa
c0000337
'cause he's the guy Rena has
a crush on.
c0000338
- Huh?
c0000339
- She's my friend and classmate.
c0000340
Rena Kashia.
c0000341
We used to always go watch
basketball practice together.
c0000342
She was telling me about
how handsome
c0000343
she thought Maezawa was.
c0000344
I was only tagging along
with her but then...
c0000345
- You were the one he took
a liking to.
c0000346
- [groans]
Mm-hmm.
c0000347
- And do you actually happen
to like him as well?
c0000348
- Mm-mmm. I flippin' hate
popular guys.
c0000349
- So why don't you just date him
for a bit
c0000350
and then dump him or something?
c0000351
- Ah, no, my entire class
would ignore me!
c0000352
I can't do that!
c0000353
That guy is who my friend Rena
c0000354
really wants to date.
c0000355
But it's me who gets asked
out by him?
c0000356
That's not following
the atmosphere at all!
c0000357
- Quiet down or he'll find us.
c0000358
- [gasps]
c0000359
[shouts]
- [groans]
c0000360
[podium crashes]
c0000361
- [grunts]
c0000362
both: Uh...
c0000363
- This is why you were busy.
I see you're into losers.
c0000364
- Hey, wait!
c0000365
- [stammering]
- [grunts]
c0000366
- Hmm?
c0000367
This isn't what it looks like.
c0000368
Mai, hold on!
c0000369
Please give me a chance
to explain!
c0000370
- Could you not speak to me?
c0000371
- [groans]
Oh well, I guess.
c0000372
I'm sure I'll just wake up
and relive today again anyway.
c0000373
[pigeons cooing]
c0000374
- Good morning, everyone.
c0000375
Today's date is Saturday,
June 28th.
c0000376
We're starting off
with some startling news.
c0000377
- Is there something the matter,
big brother?
c0000378
- Kaede, can you pinch my cheeks
for me?
c0000379
- Sure, I can do that.
c0000380
- [groans]
It hurts.
c0000381
- Why are you calling on
a Saturday morning?
c0000382
- I
need you to make me
a time machine.
c0000383
- Can I hang up?
c0000384
- I'm completely serious
about this.
c0000385
- I'm getting dressed at
the moment.
c0000386
- Would you mind describing that
to me in complete detail?
c0000387
- All I have left are my socks.
c0000388
- You put your clothes on
in a weird order.
c0000389
- It's not that weird.
c0000390
So what do you want?
c0000391
- You remember what
I mentioned yesterday?
c0000392
About living the same day over
and over?
c0000393
- Oh, congrats.
c0000394
Seems like you managed
to escape.
c0000395
- Not in a way I'm happy about.
c0000396
- Well, I'm gonna go put
my socks on.
c0000397
[phone receiver clicks]
c0000398
- Am I less important
than her socks?
c0000399
In any case,
c0000400
if yesterday isn't repeating,
c0000401
I have to clear things up
with Mai so she forgives me.
c0000402
- Sakurajima?
c0000403
She's not here today.
- [grunts]
c0000404
- You were able to figure out
that first-year Tomoe Koga
c0000405
was Laplace's demon?
c0000406
- Yeah, and because she
doesn't have to worry about
c0000407
that guy's confession anymore,
c0000408
her problem just
resolved itself.
c0000409
- [sipping]
- [grunts]
c0000410
Did something happen?
c0000411
- Why ask?
- You're in a bad mood.
c0000412
- [exhales sharply]
c0000413
All right, I suppose it's better
to tell you and laugh about
c0000414
it rather than sit here
and keep brooding about
c0000415
it in my head.
- What are you saying?
c0000416
- I bumped into Kunimi on
the train this morning.
c0000417
- Okay, and?
- And that's the end of it.
c0000418
I just hate myself
for being happy that a guy
c0000419
who I know has a girlfriend
went out of his way
c0000420
to say hello to me.
c0000421
- That's honestly a silly thing
c0000422
to be worried about.
c0000423
- I mean, if someone
like you stopped
c0000424
to say hi to me,
c0000425
it would only make
my skin crawl.
c0000426
- You could have gone
without adding that, you know.
c0000427
- Each passing day I just feel
like I get worse and worse.
c0000428
- Then go say it to his face.
c0000429
- Say what?
- That you love him.
c0000430
- I really don't want
to hear logic right now.
c0000431
- It's probably a good idea
for you to tell him before
c0000432
things get any more complicated.
c0000433
So go ask him out
and have your hopes shattered.
c0000434
- It's possible I could
become Laplace's demon
c0000435
as a result of that and it
could cause things to get out
c0000436
of hand for you.
c0000437
- Well, I was finally able
c0000438
to escape yesterday
after three days of that
c0000439
so if I get Mai to realize what
she saw was a misunderstanding,
c0000440
I'm good.
- If you're able
c0000441
to clear things up on your end,
c0000442
wouldn't that cause that Maezawa
to ask Koga out again?
c0000443
- Huh?
c0000444
- Even if you don't clear
it up with her,
c0000445
he'll figure out he had
the wrong idea.
c0000446
In case you've
somehow forgotten,
c0000447
you did make a spectacle
of asking Sakurajima out
c0000448
in front of everyone
on campus just a month ago.
c0000449
- [gasps]
c0000450
If that happens then will
c0000451
I be stuck in yesterday again?
c0000452
- I think it's highly possible
that's the case.
c0000453
- So then a tomorrow where Mai
and I are dating
c0000454
could never come to fruition?
c0000455
- Azusagawa, you know what
they call situations
c0000456
like that, don't you?
c0000457
- Checkmate.
c0000458
- [sipping]
c0000459
[exhales]
c0000460
- What's wrong, Sakuta?
c0000461
Your eyes look so dead.
c0000462
- Can I talk to you guys
for a moment?
c0000463
This is Koga and she's
your coworker starting today.
c0000464
Make sure to teach her all
that she needs to know.
c0000465
- Koga?
c0000466
- [gasps]
Seriously?
c0000467
- Oh, go to the same school?
c0000468
In that case, you'll have'
to take extra good care
c0000469
of her since she's
your junior here, too.
c0000470
- [groaning]
c0000471
I'm Tomoe Koga.
c0000472
I look forward
to working with you.
c0000473
- My name's Yuma Kunimi.
c0000474
Sakuta, isn't this the girl you
exchanged butt kicks with?
c0000475
- Why did you tell people?
c0000476
- It seemed like a shame
to stay quiet
c0000477
about something so amusing.
c0000478
- [snarling]
c0000479
[indistinct chatter]
c0000480
- Azusagawa, can you go grab
table seven's order?
c0000481
- Yeah, I'll take care of it.
c0000482
[grunts]
c0000483
- Apparently.
- Oh, is that true?
c0000484
- That's why we're here,
isn't it?
c0000485
- Are the three of you ready
to order yet?
c0000486
all: Hmm?
c0000487
- Are you serious?
c0000488
About Tomoe, I mean.
c0000489
- I'm sorry but we
don't actually serve
c0000490
"are you serious about Tomoe"
at this establishment.
c0000491
- Can you stop joking around,
please?
c0000492
- We were worried you were
rebounding too fast
c0000493
after Sakurajima dumped you.
c0000494
- The three of us already know
Tomoe's cute,
c0000495
but what else
is it you like about her?
c0000496
- I think there's some kind
of misunderstanding.
c0000497
- It's obvious you like her
so there's no need to hide it.
c0000498
- Oh, I see Tomoe.
c0000499
[all giggling]
c0000500
- Oh, my gosh, you guys!
c0000501
You really came all this way
to see me?
c0000502
- I told you we would
come visit you.
c0000503
- Such a cute uniform.
- Yeah, it's adorable.
c0000504
- Listen.
c0000505
If you're just toying
with Tomoe,
c0000506
I won't forgive you.
c0000507
- [grunts]
- Hmm.
c0000508
Hey, wait!
c0000509
I have a favor to ask you.
- No, thanks.
c0000510
- The least you could do
is hear me out.
c0000511
- Not interested. Sorry.
c0000512
- But why not?
- Let me guess.
c0000513
People think the two of us
are currently dating
c0000514
so you'd like me
to keep pretending we are.
c0000515
- I didn't know you had
the power to read minds.
c0000516
- Come on. There's other things
to worry about.
c0000517
Like puberty syndrome,
for example.
c0000518
- That's not an issue 'cause
we moved onto today, right?
c0000519
There's no time to think
about that, anyway!
c0000520
I'm in trouble!
c0000521
- How long do you plan on
c0000522
letting people think that you
c0000523
and I are dating?
c0000524
Please don't tell me till
the third-years graduate.
c0000525
- I've already thought
that part out. I promise.
c0000526
I'm only asking to pretend
for the rest of the first term.
c0000527
So please!
c0000528
Once it's summer break,
c0000529
we won't have classes.
c0000530
We can say our relationship
started fizzling out
c0000531
and then we can go into
the second term like normal.
c0000532
- [exhales sharply]
c0000533
- Come on!
It's not that big a deal!
c0000534
- I hate to say this
about myself,
c0000535
but I have the worst reputation
in the whole school.
c0000536
You're really okay
with saying you're dating me?
c0000537
- Actually, your reputation's
not as bad as you think anymore
c0000538
since all the first-years accept
you now,
c0000539
so I think it should be fine.
c0000540
- What's that about?
c0000541
- Loudly confessing your love
at school is usually seen
c0000542
as crazy but some people totally
admired you for ti.
c0000543
- I'd never do that for you,
you know.
c0000544
- [grunts]
c0000545
- Oh, that's right!
c0000546
It's too sudden
if we're already dating.
c0000547
Let's try something
one step before that.
c0000548
- Hmm?
- Yeah, like we're not quite
c0000549
dating yet,
but we're close.
c0000550
- Hey, Koga.
c0000551
Do you know what you're about
c0000552
to do by going through
with this?
c0000553
You're gonna be telling a lie
to the entire school.
c0000554
- I already know
the consequences.
c0000555
But it doesn't matter.
c0000556
- [exhales]
c0000557
- I moved from Fukuoka
after middle school.
c0000558
So I only have friends I've made
while attending Minegahara.
c0000559
- You mean those three earlier?
c0000560
- Right, but at this rate,
c0000561
I won't have a place in class
at all.
c0000562
I'll be spending my break alone,
eating lunch at a table alone,
c0000563
and going to the bathroom alone.
c0000564
- At least go
to the bathroom alone.
c0000565
- Nuh-uh.
c0000566
- Being alone is easy in
its own way.
c0000567
You don't have
to accommodate anyone
c0000568
and it's really not as lonely
as you'd expect it to be.
c0000569
- None of this is 'cause I think
I'm gonna feel lonely.
c0000570
- Huh? Well then, why?
c0000571
- Being alone is...
c0000572
Embarrassing.
c0000573
I don't want people to think
I'm always by myself.
c0000574
I can't.
c0000575
c0000576
Going to school is...
c0000577
Embarrassing.
c0000578
- [exhales]
c0000579
- Hmm?
c0000580
Something wrong?
- Fine, then.
c0000581
I'm gonna help you lie
to the entire school.
c0000582
- You will?
- Yeah.
c0000583
- Also, another favor.
c0000584
It--it's about tomorrow.
c0000585
After your shift is over,
c0000586
can I maybe g--g--g--
c0000587
- Get a forehead flick?
- No!
c0000588
Go on a date!
c0000589
- [exhales]
A date?
c0000590
- Rena asked me if I was going
to go on dates with you.
c0000591
- You just lie and say,
c0000592
"Yeah, we had so much fun
this weekend,"
c0000593
or something like that,
couldn't you?
c0000594
- But I want photo evidence just
in case.
c0000595
- You're surprisingly cautious,
aren't you, Koga?
c0000596
How am I supposed to tell Mai
about this?
c0000597
I bet she'll watch
as I desperately try
c0000598
to explain things and she'll
be smiling the whole time.
c0000599
Dang it.
She's gonna have a field day.
c0000600
- This is the last week of Jun.
c0000601
Prepare for much warmer weathe.
c0000602
Our meteorologist Sakiyama
will have a forecast
c0000603
for you coming up soon.
c0000604
- Wait a sec!
Big brother, lookit!
c0000605
Isn't that the girl you brought
over here the other day?
c0000606
- Hey, do you want a sip?
c0000607
[giggles]
Nuh-uh! It's all mine!
c0000608
- Uh-huh.
Yeah, that's her.
c0000609
[doorbell rings]
c0000610
Huh, who's coming by this late
at night?
c0000611
Yes?
c0000612
- Hey, it's me.
c0000613
- [gasps]
c0000614
You didn't come over
to explain yourself.
c0000615
- [singing in Japanese]
c0000616
["Fukashigi no Carte" plays]
c0000617
♪ ♪
c0000618
c0000619
- Oh, Azusagawa.
You're such a rascal.